I don't know we were seasoned veterans
yeah we adjusted it once before and had
a really really great experience all
around and then we just got here last
night I think it like midnight and this
is our first time even coming back down
to sixth Street and yeah I don't know
it's just like a really good city like
Austin a lot i think for texas it's
definitely something different and just
looking forward to getting back into
running around like chickens with our
heads cut off going bar to bar show to
show a lot of moments i remember that we
did we did a lot of shows last year and
our last show out of nine total i think
we ended up playing at this house party
through some guy i think we had how did
you even meet that guy he just sent us
an a message or an email i think we knew
him from a band that we had met on tour
on a previous to her in like january or
something so some some way we were
connected with this dude yeah and we
just everybody was was pretty exhausted
and really tired at that point and we
didn't know what to expect we didn't
know if it was going to be like you know
one one guy who had just heard about us
or just something crazy and it turned
out to be like the perfect amount of
people and just really nice great people
who want to listen to music and he had
like a full open bar and BBQ and it was
like the perfect the perfect ending show
I think we all went a little too crazy
the second that we ended our last set so
well last year yeah I mean we'd never
been there and all these bands were like
that had been there trying to give us
advice saying you should just play as
many shows as you can because it's
really hard to get noticed because
there's three four thousand bands trying
to do exactly what you're doing so just
keep your head up and do your best and
turns out like you said it I think we
were one on one in a million but case
you know we were like really really
stunned at the response that we got so
this time around it's all much bigger
shows and parties that we're playing so
I think everyone is just trying to make
sure to play well because it'll be on a
bigger I mean everything will be doing
the be under a microscope yeah I mean
it's still I think we're all we're just
taking it
taking it step by step and trying not to
think too much about that stuff i would
think that we're probably we still have
a very long way to go but it was it was
a lot easier to book shows this year
that it was last year we were emailing
everybody that we knew and trying and up
until last year up until like a week
before the festival i think we only had
two shows booked and then it we got like
seven i think in like a matter of like
two days and this year we luckily had
time to sort of plan out and pick
between a few different ones it's been
it's been great I wish we could be in
the place that we're releasing you know
at the time that we were releasing it
because it came out in the UK November
and we were on a US tour and this time
around came out in February we were on a
European tour but we kept getting all
these emails and things from friends
saying like oh you know the people I've
my friend has bought the record and
they're super stoked and so it was nice
to see a lot of of our own like of our
own country responding to our music
because we've been waiting for that for
a while riata the name itself is just
sort of a phrase or a term whatever you
want to say a title that Ryan thought of
as sort of an homage to the fact that
that we wrote the whole album between
two houses that the band live together
and the first one was in southern Orange
County and we got a good chunk of that
done they're all living together and
then we made the move up to LA about a
year and a half ago and then we added
and changed some songs from there and it
was just the idea of you know we were we
were pouring our heart and souls into
this music that we took very very
seriously and at the same time it was
you know just five friends that were
living together and all the the
unexpected craziness that sort of comes
with that and and we liked that idea of
gorilla manor because it sort of
balanced that the playful yet you know
very passionate and serious side of it
to the house was in orange yeah that's
where a lot of us met three or four
years ago we we lived like a couple
doors down from like another great band
friends of ours and we were just like it
was a really great time I really like
that part of Orange County a lot with
all the old houses and
we met like a lot of great bands on
there that were still really good
friends with but there wasn't we did
have a hard time still like getting
shows and getting shows that we felt
really good about and strong and that
was that was a reason y la seemed you
know really attractive to us and moving
up there I guess it was you know almost
a numbers game if you want to look at it
that way we had we were meeting a lot of
like-minded artists from LA and we
really liked the the east side and sort
of felt really comfortable there we
really uh I think fell into it and it
really just became home rather quickly
it was nice because we had been making
contacts like he said just with
different bands and different Club
people and then did a residency at
silverlake lounge in February pretty
soon after we moved there of last year
and the reception has just been growing
and it's been great ever since and we
don't really sure how we would fit in a
seem like Los Angeles because I didn't I
didn't really see too many bands doing
the kind of music that we were doing
that's a good way to put it to touring
the universe for all time yeah we have a
US tour that kicks off with Coachella
and we go into June just doing the whole
us with another band from Brooklyn
called suckers that we really like and
then pass that just a bunch of festivals
Europe stuff just yeah just touring
until probably early next year when we
start working on the next album I mean
we've only done one festival as a band
ever so the fact that we're doing any
festivals at this point I everybody's I
think equally excited about all of them
I know you know growing up in in you
know I'm strong Colorado but I spent a
lot of time in Orange County and then LA
you know Coachella is like was one of
those things where it's like you'd
always be like God you know I wonder if
we could ever play Coachella and then
when we got asked it was totally out of
left field that nobody ever fathom that
we'd get that one so and it's cool
because it's sort of the first one in in
a string of them